# 3.0 Proposed Solutions

This approach of the system will serve as an advanced option for students to save time while also assisting supervisors in filtering students according to their preferences. Using the principle of time saving, this website contributes by bringing together all supervisors across the country from which hundreds of students can choose. Finding a suitable supervisor will become tenfold easier. Using this website saves time for both students and supervisors. Students must supply all necessary information, and their supervisors must do the same. Students can view their supervisor's profile, and vice versa. They won't have to perform extensive research anymore. One can view any profile.

Undoubtedly, this website benefits not only pupils, but also any potential supervisors. They can promote themselves using their own social media accounts or the website's profile. Students are no longer required to dedicate extra effort and time figuring out which supervisors are available. The website will additionally request the supervisor for clarification on their availability. That being said, this website will always update any information of any supervisor. Any students that are interested in any supervisor will just have to look upon their status of availability and decide on choosing them.

Within this website, supervisors have access to the background, ability and level of education displayed on student profiles. There will be lesser problems of having little to no choice for a supervisor. Thus, reducing time on background checks for supervisors will boost efficiency for the students.

Finally, based on the project's notion of physically assisting students, this project pays attention emotionally too. Supervisors are free to reject any student they believe they need to. However, once the refuse option is selected, they will have to provide a proper explanation as to why. In return, when students are rejected, they will not feel inadequate in comparison to their peers. The reasons given will be read by the students themselves. Something as easy as offering explanations would help a lot for students to enhance themselves and improve on what's necessary. Having stated that, students will have greater opportunities to grow academically.

## Technical feasibility 
This system is a website that may be visited by mobile or computer. The website involves a device, server, and internet access. This website entails a solid and sturdy database system to securely store students and supervisors information. The website mandates an ordering system to allow students to sort their choice of supervisor depending on their preferences.

## Operational feasibility 
This website requires Information System (IS) assistance due to its numerous features, including a database, organizing system, and connecting API service, which require supervision and maintenance to avoid problems or malfunctions.

## Economic feasibility (CBA)
<table>
	<tr>
    	<th colspan="2">Assumptions</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Discount rate</td>
        <td>10%</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Sensitivity factor (cost)</td>
        <td>1.1</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Sensitivity factor (benefits)</td>
        <td>0.9</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Annual change in production costs</td>
        <td>7%</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Annual change in benefits</td>
        <td>5%</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
    	<th colspan="2">Estimated costs</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Hardware</td>
        <td>12000</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Software</td>
        <td>15000</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Training</td>
        <td>5000</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Advertisements</td>
        <td>3000</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Salary</td>
        <td>32000</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Testing & Maintenance</td>
        <td>4000</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
    	<th colspan="2">Estimated benefits</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Sales</td>
        <td>48000</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
    	<td>Savings</td>
        <td>35500</td>
	</tr>
    
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Costs</th>
    <th>Year 0</th>
    <th>Year 1</th>
    <th>Year 2</th>
    <th>Year 3</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Development Costs</th>
    <td colspan="4"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hardware</td>
    <td>13200</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Software</td>
    <td>16500</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Training</td>
    <td>5500</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Total</b></td>
    <td>35200</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><b>Production Costs</b></th>
    <td colspan="4"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Advertisements</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>3300</td>
    <td>3531</td>
    <td>3778.17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Salary</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>35200</td>
    <td>37664</td>
    <td>40300.48</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Testing & Maintainance</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>4840</td>
    <td>5178.80</td>
    <td>5541.32</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Annual Production Cost <br>(Present Value)</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>43340 <br>39400</td>
    <td>46373.80 <br>38325.45 </td>
    <td>49619.97 <br>37280.21</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Accumulated Costs</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>74600</td>
    <td>112925.45</td>
    <td>150205.66</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Benefits</th>
    <th>Year 0</th>
    <th>Year 1</th>
    <th>Year 2</th>
    <th>Year 3</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Savings</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>31950</td>
    <td>33547.5</td>
    <td>35224.88</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Annual Benefits <br>(Present Value)</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>75150 <br>68318.20</td>
    <td>78907.50 <br>65212.81 </td>
    <td>82852.88 <br>62248.59</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Accumulated Benefits</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>68318.20</td>
    <td>133531</td>
    <td>195779.59</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Gain or Loss</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>-6281.80</td>
    <td>+20605.56</td>
    <td>+45573.93</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Profitable Index(PI)</th>
    <td colspan="4">45573.93/35200 = 1.29 (A good investment)</td>
  </tr>
</table>
